README.md, before:

# Pyhmy - Harmony's python utilities

**This library is for python 3 only.** 

A Python library for interacting and working the [Harmony blockchain](https://harmony.one/) 
and [related codebases](https://github.com/harmony-one).

[Full documentation is located on Harmony's GitBook](https://harmony.one/) (in progress).

## Installation

```
pip install pyhmy

On MacOS:

Make sure you have Python3 installed, and use python3 to install pyhmy

sudo pip3 install pathlib
sudo pip3 install pyhmy

Requires Python3.5+
```

## Development

Clone the repository and then run the following:
```
make install
```

## Running tests

You can run all of the tests with the following:

```
make test
```

Or directly with `pytest` (reference [here](https://docs.pytest.org/en/latest/index.html) for more info):

```
py.test tests
```

## Releasing

You can release this library with the following command (assuming you have the credentials to upload):

```
make release
```

TODO: sample of how to use the library, reference Tezos.
TODO: start (and finish) some of the documentation.

Commit message:

Basic Python SDK (#1)
* [project] Update README with correct Python version requirement

* [request] Add rpc request lib
[exceptions] Add exceptions wrapper lib
[common] Define defaults for endpoint & timeout

* [blockchain] Added blockchain related RPCs
[staking] Added staking related RPCs

* [blockchain] Added more RPCs, organized file based on RPC type (network or block)

* [account] Add account related RPCs (balance, transaction history)

* [transaction] Added regular & staking transaction RPCs

* [rpc] Move RPCs to separate lib
[common] Remove common & add defaults to request

* [rpc] Add __init__ file for future use

* [util] Update utils to use rpc lib

* [rpc] Add return type annotations

* [make] Fix import errors

* [test] Add tests for rpc_request using local blockchain
[make] Update make tests to print reason to skip test

* [test] Add proper testing infra for RPC calls

* [numbers] Add utils for converting between atto and one

* [test] Use cross shard as the inital funding transaction & enable cross shard RPC tests

* [test] Refactor test setup to not wait if setup on chain is already done

* [pyhmy] Remove dev version & update major version

* [init] Update imports

* [account] Add get_balance_on_all_shards

* [rpc] Fix documentation errors

* [util] Fix is_active_shard error

* [rpc] Address PR comments

README.md, after:

# Pyhmy - Harmony's python utilities

**This library only supports Python 3.6+**

A Python library for interacting and working the [Harmony blockchain](https://harmony.one/)
and [related codebases](https://github.com/harmony-one).

[Full documentation is located on Harmony's GitBook](https://docs.harmony.one/) (in progress).

## Installation

```
pip install pyhmy

On MacOS:

Make sure you have Python3 installed, and use python3 to install pyhmy

sudo pip3 install pathlib
sudo pip3 install pyhmy
```

## Development

Clone the repository and then run the following:
```
make install
```

## Running tests

You need to run a local Harmony blockchain (instructions [here](https://github.com/harmony-one/harmony/README.md)) that has staking enabled.
You can run all of the tests with the following:

```
make test
```

Or directly with `pytest` (reference [here](https://docs.pytest.org/en/latest/index.html) for more info):

```
py.test tests
```

## Releasing

You can release this library with the following command (assuming you have the credentials to upload):

```
make release
```

TODO: sample of how to use the library, reference Tezos.
TODO: start (and finish) some of the documentation.
TODO: add more blockchain rpcs
TODO: check None return types for rpcs
TODO: more detailed tests for rpcs
